## WEEK 4 DISCUSSION

This week's discussions continue our focus on technical instructions. Read each of the following and write a brief response to the prompt. Then, respond to TWO other classmates' posts.

1. Dozuki states (Links to an external site.): "Too many warnings -- especially ridiculous ones -- make the whole safety section seem silly. Then, no one takes the warnings seriously -- not even the real ones. Remember: You only have to caution users when a danger is "reasonably foreseeable."

Examine a product that has excessive or ridiculous warnings (either at home or on the Internet). Describe the warning information and what the underlying message is in that warning. Next, discuss what the manufacturer might revise to enhance the underlying message without over-legalizing the content.

  - Ive always thought that most Ikea furniture products like cabinets, wardrobes, dressers, etc. all had excessive warning lables on them. Most have to do with tipping over the peice of furniture on yourself and how you need to secure the peice to the wall to prevent this. Now whether or not these labels or warnings are nessary is very debatble, I personally think they shouldnt be there and let natural selection run its course but thats just me. One very important point that does have to be made is that these warning labels in particular were put in place because someone sued Ikea obviously and they are overing themselevs against that again. But what I find interesting is that the warning label doesnt nessarly apply to just Ikeas product. Almost all dressers would have the same problems if you pulled out all the drawers at the same time, and yet these lawsuits against ikea seem to target them as a brand rather then just the entire concept of a dresser. Why is it Ikeas job to protect customers from buying a product that they cant handle? So to revise this labeling I think all sellers of dressers and furniture that could tip over if in properlly used should make there buyers take a quiz to see if they can handle it before making the purchase of such a hazardous item.

2. Read the article "Woman, hit by car, sues Google for faulty directions". Discuss the ethical and legal responsibilities of Google Maps in this case. Do you agree with the woman's case? Or do you side with Google's case? Explain your answer.  

  - As you can probably guess from my explanation above I would side with Google. There are plenty of examples where someone gives you a suggested way of doing things and you dont do it because you either "fear your safety" or just found a better way. Looking at this case a different way Google Maps is not a entity that controls your every moves. It suggests routes that you can take and or examine. YOU DO NOT HAVE TO TAKE THEM.

  This case would be an entirely different story if the woman was in a self driving car owned by google and the car decided to drive off a cliff. That is a situation where she would have put all her control into google. But because we live in a world where people sue for anything businesses have to protect the customer from themselves. So yes google does have to have a warning label on all there routes that say take at your own descrestion or beware of your surounding road conditions could have changed. 
